British English Academy.
B1 listening activity.
Course: B1 Independent English.
Module 2: Work, Study and Digital Life.
Lesson 2: Work, Study and Digital Life: Vocabulary Lesson 2.
Listen for the opinion, reason and example.
Listen for useful words and phrases. Repeat the key vocabulary after the speaker.
Learning objective: Learners can explain, narrate, give reasons and manage familiar situations in a vocabulary task about media.
Today you will practise language connected to media.
Target language: passive voice basics.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise vocabulary for work, study and digital life. You will learn useful language connected to media and practise passive voice basics. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at B1 level.